recovery responsibilities and nfs-backup (#165)
bcgov/platform-developer-docs: src/docs/automation-and-resiliency/namespace-recovery-and-responsibilities.md

## Recovering Different Tpes of Objects

### General Deployment Objects

General deployment objects are objects that you can recreate from scratch without suffering data loss. This class of object includes all of your Deployments, StatefulSets, pods, containers, NetworkPolicies, Services, Routes, most ConfigMaps, and some Secrets. 

In order to determine if a ConfigMap or Secret should be classed as a general deployment object, ask yourself how difficult it would be to recover your application if you lost the data stored within the ConfigMap or Secret. If it's not a big deal (either because all that data is stored in Github or because generating a new password is acceptable), then it's a general deployment object. If not, we'll talk about how to handle this in the next section.

These objects should be stored as **infrastructure-as-code**. Infrastructure-as-code means that you have stored your infrastucture configuration (ie: all the configuration of the general deployment objects) as code in your application's code repository. You can, with one (or close to one) push of a button, redeploy every object required for your application with the correct configuration.

> 

Reviewer: Is there a team with publicly stored infrastructure as code that could be linked here as an example?

Author: I added a link to RedHat's documentation on IaC, hopefully that will help!

ConfigMaps are less likely to contain stateful data of this type - however, if they do, please ensure that you have stored and are able to recover all the important ConfigMaps in your namespaces. The Platform Team recommends storing and backing up ConfigMaps in the same way as you have chosen to back up your Secrets.

### Images

Images built and pushed to the Openshift internal registry are unlikely candidates for backup. Most teams should be able to rebuild images identical to any they might have lost. 

However, if your team has images that would be difficult to rebuild for any reason, backing them up would be a wise choice. Artifactory is backed up and would be recovered in the event of a large cluster issue. It would be a good choice for storing images that would be difficult to rebuild.

### Routes

If your route contains TLS certificate information, be sure that the certificates are backed up and stored somewhere so they can be recovered, if necessary.

### Persistent Volumes

> Persistent volumes on the OpenShift platforms are not backed up by the Platform Team, with the exception of the `nfs-backup` PVC type. Please ensure that all important persistent data is backed up regularly to either an `nfs-backup` volume, or to another safe place off-cluster (such as the OCIO Object Storage Service).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Persistent volumes on the OpenShift platforms are not backed up by the Platform Team, with the exception of the `netapp-file-backup` PVC type. Please ensure that all important persistent data is backed up regularly to either an `netapp-file-backup` volume, or to another safe place off-cluster (such as the OCIO Object Storage Service).
```
